Update environment variables link (#264)
nhost/hasura-auth: docs/configuration.md

AUTH_SMTP_SENDER=hasura-auth@example.com
```

> See the [environment variables](environment-variables) for additional information about how to connnect to an SMTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [environment variables](./environment-variables.md) for additional information about how to connect to an SMTP server.
```
